hey guys
long time no see and welcome back to the
channel
today i'll show you a science fiction
action film what happened to monday
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
in the future someday global warming and
overpopulation have caused a worldwide
crisis
due to the food shortage numerous
genetic modified plants have been
introduced
to meet the growing food demand of the
global population
but such genetic plants affect human
genes gradually
it tends to produce multiple pregnancies
on women which ironically accelerates
the overpopulation issue in return
as a result a strict one-child policy is
enforced
by the child allocation bureau every
household is allowed to keep only one
child
with a rest put into cryosleep a
so-called high-tech process
to keep the unplanned kids frozen up and
supposed to be awakened back someday
when the food crisis
issue is solved a young mother karen
dies while giving birth to identical
septuplet sisters
the grandfather is not willing to follow
the priceless process
with a doctor's help he keeps all seven
sisters down
and names them after the days of the
week he trains them to pose as a single
individual
outside named after their mother and
allow them to leave the house
only on the day of their name in case of
unwanted check from the government
the grandfather ensures they share
information daily recorded from their
electronic bracelets
so as to form the same memories within
seven sisters
everything goes well without any
unexpectation
except one day the young thursday sneaks
out of the apartment
breaks her finger when skateboarding the
grandfather has to replicate the
physical accidents to the rest sisters
so he amputates part of the index finger
of each sister
to mimic her injury the sisters are so
shocked by the punishment
and no one dares to break the rule from
that timeline
thirty years later the grandfather has
passed away
the seven sisters rely on each other in
the same house
under cover of the same identity outside
but they tend to get bored
and never get satisfied by the current
situation
someday there comes a turning point when
monday is out delivering a presentation
aiming to compete for a promotion at a
bank position
the rest are all waiting at home for her
good news but later turn anxiously
for monday has not returned home yet as
scheduled
the electronic bracelet shows no real
location of her either
so the next day tuesday is missioned out
for the bank position
but she feels a little bit nervous due
to some missing part of the memories
that should have been shared by monday
tuesday finds monday has been promoted
by the bank successfully
but she can tell something weird from
the look of the position competitor
as she digs further she learns monday
did have a fight with a competitor at a
local bar
however before tuesday moves on to the
next clue
she is stopped and detained by the cab
agent to the bureau with her
communications cut off
she is brought before cayman head of the
bureau and a candidate for parliament
cayman says she knows about tuesday's
siblings and orders the agents to clear
off the whole family
with an eye severed off on tuesday cab
agents bypass easily a retinal scanner
at the sisters house
although the sisters have felt the
strange and some hide up in the secret
room
the agents can even find the exact way
to the secret room
and even worse thursday intends to
defend herself with a weapon
left by the grandfather but she finds
nothing left there
without any choice she has to find her
own way and launch sudden attacks to the
agents trying to save her sisters
unfortunately
sunday gets killed during a fierce fight
after slight control of their sorrows
they later learns that the severed
eyeball belongs to tuesday
now they all realize things do not sound
that simple
it's time for them to fight back with a
plan on the other side
with no reply from the agent sent out
permission the chief intends to put
those sisters wanted on the system
but he is stopped by caiman who just
wants to cools down the chaos secretly
this is set for good of her candidate
campaign run for the parliament
with a suspicion that the competitor may
have sold them out
wednesday leaves without disguising
herself and confronts the competitor
to her surprise the competitor only
reveals that karen got the promotion in
exchange for the campaign funds
she sent to cayman unluckily before more
details are revealed about the secret
deal
the competitor is then shot dead by a
cab sniper
and more agents are swarming into the
building for wednesday
she's then trying to knock down an agent
coming the first
with his finger cut off to unlock the
agent's gun she manages to terminate all
of the backup team
but more agents are assigned for the
hunting wednesday seizes the very little
time
delivering the secret deal message to
the rest sisters
she flees out of the apartment under the
remote guide from the sisters
and then jumps down from the high and
flees away from the bullet rain
shooting behind and tightly by the
agents however
the sisters have to stop the remote guy
then when they're interrupted by a guy
showing up
who is concerned about karen surmising
that the guy has a relationship with one
of them saturday accepts the mission
to leave out with him for more
investigation she is then equipped with
chip in the bracelet
which can help them hack into the cab
server right after the rest continue
their guide for wednesday on her run
wednesday's then led to the building top
while she is trying to jump over to
neighboring building
she gets shot struggling on the edge no
matter how hard she tries for survival
she's then terminated with a bullet in
her head
on the other side saturday comes all the
way to the guy's home
and from a picture on wall she believes
that one of the sisters must have been
dating with the guy
saturday who is a virgin pretends to be
the guys darling karen
and experiences her first but fast sex
after that saturday coveredly links
their bracelets allowing the sisters at
home to hack into the cab
sisters at home laters discover the
secret deal between monday and cayman
and from the hack video feed of cab they
believe that monday should have been
detained in a cell
meanwhile during the after sex talk
saturday gets to know
it's monday who's been dating with a guy
later when the guy heads out to work
the agents break inside and shot her
dead right before
the eyes of the sisters with no time to
react to the sudden death of saturday
the sisters are rated simultaneously by
the cab squad
thursday and friday have to run out for
life admitting that she cannot survive
on her own
friday returns to the apartment she sets
up a bomb by use of gas and oven
and sacrifices herself by blowing up
their apartment with the enemies
allowing thursday escape and rescue
monday the lover falls into huge sorrow
after he discovers from the news that
his loved karen is the exact victim
but he's later confronted by thursday in
a car
it's only at that time the lover knows
about the whole story
and thursday knows that the lover did
not betray them
so they decide to join together to save
monday out
later in disguise of the dead friday and
with help of the lover
thursday is taken to the bureau in a
body bag and delivered into the frozen
room
where she secretly records a child
undergoing the so-called cryosleep
process
instead of being frozen the child is
actually incinerated
after getting rid off the security they
search and only discover the girl locked
inside the cell
is tuesday with one of her eyes removed
they never know by far the real monday
who is now signing the deal to fund
cayman's campaign
is literally the one who betrays all of
the sisters and hopes to enjoy herself
illegal identity alone
the set free tuesday finds her way to
the broadcast room
intending to reveal the video footage
there while thursday
in the skies of monday sneaks into
kanan's campaign fundraiser presentation
we're right at that time she encounters
the missing monday in the restroom
thursday challenges monday for the
betrayal after a fierce fight thursday
accidentally shooting monday
meanwhile after fixing up all the
security at the broadcast room
tuesday and the karen lover upload the
video footage of the child's
incineration
leaving everyone at the event shocked
and directed their attention on cayman
while caiman is caused to faint in
horror she then busts into rage
and won a revenge against thursday in
disguise however the crowd turns to be
dead
silent when the injured monday comes out
of the restroom
brandishing a gun aimed supposedly at
thursday
but monday is shot down immediately by
the agent
who thinks she intends to kill caiman
the following shooting leads to a big
chaos among the crowd
as the crowd flees monday reveals to
thursday that she's pregnant
and begs her not let the cab take her
unborn twins
before she dies from deadly wounds after
the scandal
the child allocation act is abolished
and cayman faces the death penalty
the underground pregnant and kids begin
to enjoy the sunshine out for the first
time
and the twins of monday are saved and
developed in an artificial womb
while the remaining two sisters declare
their own name and embrace their brand
new
and different way of lives this is
daniel cc movie review